Function Calling Behavior
    The previous section describes the difference between the old
    behavior and the new.  However, it is also useful to have a
    description of the new behavior that stands by itself, without
    reference to the previous model.  So this next section will
    attempt to provide such a description.

    When a function is called, the input arguments are assigned to
    formal parameters as follows:

      - For each formal parameter, there is a slot which will be used
        to contain the value of the argument assigned to that
        parameter.

      - Slots which have had values assigned to them are marked as
        'filled'.  Slots which have no value assigned to them yet are
        considered 'empty'.

      - Initially, all slots are marked as empty.

      - Positional arguments are assigned first, followed by keyword
        arguments.

      - For each positional argument:

         o Attempt to bind the argument to the first unfilled
           parameter slot.  If the slot is not a vararg slot, then
           mark the slot as 'filled'.

         o If the next unfilled slot is a vararg slot, and it does
           not have a name, then it is an error.

         o Otherwise, if the next unfilled slot is a vararg slot then
           all remaining non-keyword arguments are placed into the
           vararg slot.

      - For each keyword argument:

         o If there is a parameter with the same name as the keyword,
           then the argument value is assigned to that parameter slot.
           However, if the parameter slot is already filled, then that
           is an error.

         o Otherwise, if there is a 'keyword dictionary' argument,
           the argument is added to the dictionary using the keyword
           name as the dictionary key, unless there is already an
           entry with that key, in which case it is an error.

         o Otherwise, if there is no keyword dictionary, and no
           matching named parameter, then it is an error.

      - Finally:

         o If the vararg slot is not yet filled, assign an empty tuple
           as its value.

         o For each remaining empty slot: if there is a default value
           for that slot, then fill the slot with the default value.
           If there is no default value, then it is an error.




